plowing and ready to plant in al- naria
but this farmer can only reach a
fraction of his
land this Scenic landscape that
stretches into the valley and up the
hill belongs to 15 Palestinian families
this is a green M this one now is belong
to MSA you can't access that yes he took
this land Musa he a sitler he's come
about 20 month only musa's real name is
Moshi sharit he's been sanctioned by the
US and UK for being a dangerous and
violent settler he posted on social
media his plans to build an education
center and bring more settlers in
October he forced the families from
their
homes muser attacked me and then asked
me about my neighbor and wife when I
told them they weren't there he hit me
in the head and dragged me into the
house with the other settlers my
daughters heard me screaming blood was
everywhere nebel's wife Aisha says her
family has lived in their home for more
than 90
years he came at night the settler Musa
with seven others he kicked us out and
took all our belongings he left nothing
he also kicked our neighbors out we own
this land and we have
proof she shows us proof of ownership
from Palestine Israel and
Jordan Palestinians can only reach the
edge of this Hillside Beyond there they
say they can only look down their empty
homes and stolen land and even here
they're being prevented from completing
the building even though most of this
area is under Palestinian civil
control it's this gate that's dividing
the people from their land they've had
for Generations while we were filming
Moshi pulled
up I ask him why he's taken the
land no we've tried he's not speaking
he's just uh he's just filming us he's
making calls and I'm told he has a
concealed weapon it's not safe for us to
staria is considered as a gate to the
valley so when you control a naria you
control a vast space of the valley so
that's why the Israeli cital is
targeting this area now Aisha and her
husband Nabil live in a metal ouse all
that surrounds her was given to her as
Charity and it's not much
she dreams of her brick house and tiled
floors and doesn't know if she'll see it
again Laura Khan aler and naria in the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer